Instructions for connecting to VPN from Gnome-running Linuxes (#611)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/internal/infrastructure/vpn-cloud.md

> 7. After following these steps you should be able to connect to VPN and then to resolve private DNS entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. After following these steps you should be able to connect to VPN and resolve private DNS entries.
```

## Gnome VPN Client

> 1. Go to the [VPN server](https://pritunl.core.cloud.mattermost.com) and select **Sign in with OneLogin** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [VPN server](https://pritunl.core.cloud.mattermost.com) and select **Sign in with OneLogin**.
```

2. Connect with your OneLogin username and password and when prompted input the OTP (One Time Password).

3. Click `Download Profiles` and save the `.tar` file to your filesystem.

> 4. Extract the `.tar` file ( `tar xf yourusername.tar`) and note the location of the `.ovpn` file within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Extract the `.tar` file (`tar xf yourusername.tar`) and note the location of the `.ovpn` file.
```

> 5. Open the Network section in the Gnome Settings manager and there will be a VPN section. Click the `+` to create a new VPN connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open the Gnome Settings manager and navigate to **Network > VPN**. Click the `+` to create a new VPN connection.
```

> 6. Choose `Import from file...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Choose **Import from file...**.
```

7. Select the `.ovpn` file downloaded earlier through the file picker.

> 8. Open the IPv4 tab and select `Use this connection only for resources on its network`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Open the IPv4 tab and select **Use this connection only for resources on its network**.
```

> 9. Open the IPv6 tab and select `Use this connection only for resources on its network`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Open the **IPv6** tab and select **Use this connection only for resources on its network**.
```

> 10. If desired, rename the VPN to something friendlier in the `Name` field under the `Identity` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. If desired, rename the VPN to something friendlier in **Identity > Name**.
```

> 11. Save the configuration by pressing `Add` at the top right of the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Choose **Add** to save the configuration. 
```

> 12. From now on, enable the VPN through the taskbar picker in the upper right of Gnome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. From now on, enable the VPN through the taskbar picker in the upper right corner of Gnome.
```
